feat(attraqt): Added Attraqt documentation (#491)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/magento2/search-engine.mdx

If you are using the default theme or the Chocolatine theme, the search bar
should now be visible.

## Attraqt

> > _This feature has been added in Front-Commerce `2.19.0`_

Reviewer: Why not a simple message like in other pages ?  (e.g. maintenance mode, password fields, etc)

```suggestion
> _Since version 2.19_
```

### Requirements

Due to the way Attraqt works, you will have to ensure your Attraqt index is
Front-Commerce-ready before hand. In order to check this, we have added a simple
script that check the basics for you, and tells what's missing from your current
index.

> Using your Attraqt's search api key, you can execute this command from your

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using your Attraqt's search API key, you can execute this command from your
```

Front-Commerce repository:

```shell

> FRONT_COMMERCE_ATTRAQT_SEARCH_API_KEY=your_api_key npm run attraqt:check

Reviewer 2: same remarks as in https://gitlab.com/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/merge_requests/1502/diffs#note_1119089954

Author: Yes, this will definitely need to be updated once we have a script MR is merged

```

:::info

> You can find your search API key by login in into you XO console, and navigating

Reviewer: https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/5302/log-in-to-or-log-into-or-login-to
```suggestion
You can find your search API key by log in to your XO console, and navigating
```

A link to the XO console's targeted page may be good too (is it a generic URL ?)

Author: Typo noted !

> A link to the XO console's targeted page may be good too (is it a generic URL ?)

Unfortunately it isn't.

> You can find your search API key by login in into you XO console, and navigating
> to: `Search > API Keys`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find your search API key by login in into the XO console, and navigating
to: `Search > API Keys`
```

and it would be nice if possible to put a link

:::

> The script should be very quick to execute, and will let you now what need your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script should be very quick to execute, and will let you now what needs your
```

attention in your Attraqt index. If you have any doubt on how to change this, do
not hesitate to ask your Attraqt CSM.

When you get the ✔️ as a response from the script, you are ready to use Attraqt
with Front-Commerce.

### Front-Commerce configuration

First, you need to make sure the Attraqt's search client is installed:

```shell
npm i @attraqt/xo-js@1.6.0
```

On Front-Commerce side, you need to enable the Attraqt datasource by making the
following changes in your .front-commerce.js file:

```js title=".front-commerce.js"
module.exports = {
  // highlight-next-line
  modules: ["./node_modules/front-commerce/modules/datasource-attraqt"],
  serverModules: [
    { name: "FrontCommerceCore", path: "server/modules/front-commerce-core" },
    // highlight-start
    {
      name: "Magento2Attraqt",
      path: "datasource-attraqt/server/modules/magento2-attraqt",
    },
    // highlight-end
    { name: "Magento2", path: "server/modules/magento2" },
  ],
};
```

:::caution Known issue

The Attraqt server module needs to be enabled **before** the Magento module.

:::

> Then, in your `.env` file, you need to define
> [the variables](/docs/reference/environment-variables#attraqt).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, in your `.env` file, you need to define the `FRONT_COMMERCE_ATTRAQT_SEARCH_API_KEY` environment variable:

```bash title=.env
FRONT_COMMERCE_ATTRAQT_SEARCH_API_KEY=yourapikeyvalue
```
```

After restarting Front-Commerce, you should be able run a GraphQL query to
search for products, categories and/or pages, for instance:

```graphql title="http://localhost:4000/playground"
query Search {
  search(query: "whatever you want to search for") {
    query
    products(params: { from: 0, size: 5 }) {
      total
      products {
        sku
        name
      }
    }
    categories(size: 5) {
      name
    }
    pages(size: 5) {
      title
    }
  }
}
```

> If you are using the default theme or the theme Chocolatine, the search bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the default theme or the Chocolatine theme, the search bar
```

Author: Also fixed the line I copy-pasted it from 👍
